two I should really do this slowly I'm
going to make it sort of a semi
instructional video that is the way she
crocheted yes
I always keep my working yarn sandwiched
in between my index and middle finger
sort of around the first knuckle I
always hold my work between my ring
finger and thumb cutie and my crochet
hook is kind of held like a Billiken
knife I thought I held it like a knife
all the time and then I was watching
myself last night and realized that I
actually picked my my index finger up
and take it away while I'm actually
doing my stitches I just bring it back
to sort of guide the yarn and guide the
hook through the first part of the
stitch okay slower slower oh I'm
actually I'm crocheting whilst watching
the screen now cuz that slows me down a
little bit it's like rushing through a
magnifying glass of something city boy
did it right good good good hurrah we're
doing well we just put some music over
this part don't like it so do you think
that's enough wait can I go really fast
now yes go fast Radio fast you can go
London two three go oh now I'm under
pressure that I could sing silly songs
and crocheted super fast Wow it's the
amazing incredible oh there we go
I've been all warmed up for a second and
then I screwed up oh she's in the zone
in the groove I love that Len oh the
lovely sound of plastic yard mmm when
you get really sweaty fingers and it
starts to squeak oh joy there's a reason
to start crocheting right there isn't it
and this creaky and squeaky we're gonna
get to the Rope gonna get to the end of
the row okay we'll fill the hole the
holder any oh and i'm getting caught on
stuff oh I'll see this internet the
intro all look at inch or web all the
internet dwellers i can has all sunshine
Oh should I love that picture okay 50
pitches by done